alright gang here's the latest project
I've been working on it is a cell feeder
for deer or whatever you want to use but
I'm going to be using it for deer the
best part about this project is it
didn't cost me much more than about
seven dollars I got the tile - sixteen
inch tile tube with the solid inner core
so you're not going to get any moisture
in there if you put your corner or deer
pellets or whatever you want to feed in
it and then I got the top here this is
just an old old top off of the hog water
I've had laying around in the barn and
just some scrap wood that I had laying
around and have enough pieces to make a
nice little feeder out of the bottom of
it so what I did was just a piece of
scrap of plywood there got the jigsaw
of course measured my hole on the bottom
and then you get your screws in here to
fasten it to the tube and once you get
your trough built which you wouldn't
have to build a trough the reason I did
was to just get keep kind of keep the
feet in here and you wouldn't have to
put legs on it either but I did that is
to keep it up off the ground to keep it
from rotting as quickly just bolts on
the side so anyway after you get this
screwed onto the bottom go ahead and
flip your trough over set it on top and
then from the bottom side you screw this
plywood into your trough so it doesn't
tip over just got some bungee cords
drill some holes in here and ask I found
out that you have to do that before you
screw it to the trough or you can't get
the drill in there so a little heads up
for you there after you get that in
there you're pretty much set put your
feet in here and as you can see there's
just two little holes on the bottom
there's one over on this side and one
over on that side just a gravity feeder
put your lid on and away you go
and I'm probably going to have a trail
cam set on this just to see what I got
cruising through the area probably not
going to use the bunch right now with
with the soybeans and corn still green
so this is probably going to be more of
a late season feeder
gets harsh whether it'll be their form
and you don't have to use it for hunting
some states you're not allowed to use it
for hunting
it's called baiting and is illegal so
check your regulations make sure you can
do it but it's also good for just folks
who want to put something in their
backyard to watch deer so there it is
pretty simple construction and have any
questions put something up on the post
here and I'll answer them as I can all
right guys